doc: net: Add more info for network connectivity with host (#13505)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/networking/networking_with_host.rst

.. _networking_with_host:

Networking with the host system
###############################

While developing networking software, it is usually necessary to connect and
exchange data with the host system like a Linux desktop computer.
Depending on what board is used for development, the following options are
possible:

* QEMU using SLIP (Serial Line Internet Protocol).

  * Here IP packets are exchanged between Zephyr and the host system via serial
    port. This is the legacy way of transferring data. It is also quite slow so

>     it is recommended that it is only used when necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    use it only when necessary.
```

    See :ref:`networking_with_qemu` for details.

* QEMU using built-in Ethernet driver.

>   * Here IP packets are exchanged between Zephyr and the host system via QEMU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Here IP packets are exchanged between Zephyr and the host system via QEMU's
```

    built-in Ethernet driver. Not all QEMU boards support built-in Ethernet so

>     in some cases you might need to use the SLIP method for the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in some cases, you might need to use the SLIP method for host
```

    connectivity. See :ref:`networking_with_eth_qemu` for details.

* native_posix board.

>   * The Zepher instance can be executed as a user space process in the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The Zephyr instance can be executed as a user space process in the host
```

>     system. This the most convenient way to debug the Zephyr system as one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    system. This the most convenient way to debug the Zephyr system because you
```

>     can attach host debugger directly to the running Zephyr instance. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can attach a host debugger directly to the running Zephyr instance. This
```

    requires that there is an adaptation driver in Zephyr for interfacing
    with the host system. An Ethernet driver exists in Zephyr for this purpose.
    See :ref:`networking_with_native_posix` for details.

* USB device networking.

>   * Here Zephyr instance is run in a real board and the connectivity to host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Here, the Zephyr instance is run on a real board and the connectivity to the host
```
